addpart: add page (#4649)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/addpart.md

# addpart

> > Tells the Linux kernel about the existence of the specified partition. The command is a simple wrapper around the "add partition" ioctl, [Docs](https://linux.die.net/man/8/addpart).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Tells the Linux kernel about the existence of the specified partition.
> The command is a simple wrapper around the `add partition` ioctl.
> More information: <https://linux.die.net/man/8/addpart>.
```

Author: Thank you for the suggested changes, it looks much cleaner now.
